PREVIOUSLY ON
"SECRETS AND LIES"...
Kevin:
YOU GOT SCOTT MURPHY TURNED IN
AND FORCED THE RICHARDSONS
TO LEAVE.
NOW YOU'RE
PESTERING LISA?
YOU JUST WON'T
BE HAPPY
UNTIL THE WHOLE NEIGHBORHOOD
IS GONE.
YOU'RE A REPORTER?
THERE IS NO STORY.
I'M NOT GUILTY.
THERE'S ALWAYS A STORY.
YOU TEXTED ME.
YOU ASKED ME TO COME.
NO, I DIDN'T.
WHOEVER DID THIS KNOWS HOW
TO GET CLASSIFIED INFORMATION.
THIS IS SERIOUS.
YOU NEED TO WATCH YOUR BACK.
[ BANGING ON DOOR ]
[ LIGHT SWITCH CLICKS ]
Ben: HEY! HEY!
[ PANTING ]
[ GLASS CLINKING ]
Cornell:
DID YOU HURT YOURSELF WHEN YOU
BROKE THE WINDOW, MR. CRAWFORD?
[ MOTOR WHIRS ]
IF YOU NEED MEDICAL ATTENTION,
I CAN HAVE E.M.S. COME BACK.
I'M FINE.
[ CAR DOOR CLOSES ]
HOW COULD THEY DO THIS?
THEY HACKED INTO YOUR TRUCK'S
SECURITY SYSTEM,
KILLED THE POWER, FRYING
THE IGNITION SWITCH REMOTELY.
WHO THE HELL
CAN DO THAT?
VERY FEW PEOPLE ARE CAPABLE OF
COVERING THEIR TRACKS THIS WELL.
WE ALSO
WEREN'T ABLE TO TRACE
THE REAL SOURCE OF THE TEXT
I RECEIVED FROM YOUR NUMBER.
WHY WOULD SOMEONE
DO THIS?
PUBLIC PERCEPTION IS THAT
YOU MURDERED A CHILD.
YEAH, BECAUSE THAT'S WHAT
YOU WANTED THEM TO THINK.
DEAD CHILDREN TEND TO ELICIT
A HEIGHTENED EMOTIONAL RESPONSE.
WHOEVER DID THIS,
THEY WATCHED, THEY WAITED.
YOU HAVE A STALKER,
MR. CRAWFORD.
YOU MEAN ASIDE FROM YOU?
YOU'LL NEED
POLICE PROTECTION.
I CAN ASSIGN A DETAIL TO YOU
IMMEDIATELY.
NO.
E-EXCUSE ME?
YOU WANT PERMISSION
TO FOLLOW ME AROUND
SO YOU CAN SEND ME TO PRISON
FOR SOMETHING I DIDN'T DO.
THIS IS FOR
YOUR OWN SAFETY.
I'LL TAKE MY CHANCES.
Christy: HEY.
EXCUSE ME.
YOU ALL RIGHT?
I'M FINE.
I-I GOT LOCKED
IN THE TRUCK.
BEN,
SOMEONE'S AFTER YOU.
CORNELL'S
LOOKING INTO IT.
YEAH, LIKE SHE'S LOOKING
INTO TOM'S MURDER.
GO AHEAD.
HAVE A GOOD NIGHT.
Woman: SHE'LL LEAVE
WHEN HE GETS LOCKED UP.
I JUST FEEL
FOR THOSE POOR KIDS.
ARE YOU KIDDING ME?
DON'T.
IT'S NOT WORTH IT.
THIS IS JU--
MY LIFE NOW.
[ SIGHS ]
YOUR LIFE SUCKS.
LET'S GO HOME.
DAVE:
Are you guys okay?
[ LIGHT SWITCH CLICKS ]
WE'RE FINE.
[ Sighing ] Oh, man.
IT'S LIKE
THE GUY'S LEX LUTHOR.
IT'S LIKE YOU'RE DEALING WITH
AN EVIL GENIUS OVER HERE, MAN.
SO WE KNOW
IT'S NOT YOU, THEN.
[ SIGHS ]
SERIOUSLY, MAN, I'M SCARED.
MAYBE YOU SHOULD COME OVER HERE
AND STAY WITH ME.
WHAT DO YOU THINK?
WHAT EXACTLY ARE YOU GONNA DO
TO PROTECT ME?
I GOT A BAT.
Couple of nunchakus.
ALL RIGHT.
I'M HANGING UP.
[ BEEP ]
DAVE IS CONCERNED.
I AGREE WITH HIM.
THAT'S SCARY.
WHO DO YOU THINK'S
DOING THIS?
UH, THEY SENT AN UNTRACEABLE
TEXT TO MY PHONE.
THERE'S NOT A LOT OF PEOPLE
WHO CAN DO THAT
EXCEPT FOR
GOVERNMENT TYPES.
[ SIGHS ]
IF I SAY IT OUT LOUD,
YOU'RE GONNA TELL ME I'M CRAZY.
[ SCOFFS LIGHTLY ]
YOU PASSED CRAZY
ABOUT 10 MILES BACK.
GO FOR IT.
ALL RIGHT, WELL,
WE KNOW KEVIN SERVED.
RIGHT? AND THEN HE WORKED
FOR THE STATE DEPARTMENT.
BUT JUST THINK
ABOUT THIS.
WHEN WE MOVED IN,
KEVIN AND ELAINE BROUGHT US PIE.
HE LENT ME HIS DRILL
AND HIS MOWER,
THEN ALL OF A SUDDEN,
ONE DAY, IT STOPS.
WHY?
[ BOOK THUDS ]
I KNOW I'M RIGHT.
I JUST HAVE TO PROVE IT.
OH, WHY NOT?
YOU WENT AFTER SCOTT,
THE RICHARDSONS, MATT DALY.
WHAT'S ONE MORE?
SO, WHAT SHOULD I DO,
WAIT FOR KEVIN TO MAKE
HIS NEXT MOVE?
[ SIGHS ]
YOU DON'T KNOW IT'S KEVIN.
JUST BEFORE YOU RUIN
ANY MORE DINNER PARTIES,
PLEASE GO OVER THERE
AND TALK TO HIM.
I'M NOT DENYING
THAT HE HATES YOU.
JUST ASK HIM WHY.
OKAY.
REALLY?
[ CHUCKLES LIGHTLY ]
[ DOOR OPENS ]
[ CELLPHONE RINGING, VIBRATING ]
[ CELLPHONE BEEPS ]
[ CHATTER ]
SEE YOU
AT THE PERP WALK, BEN.
YEAH, THANKS
FOR THE HOSPITALITY.
WHAT'S GOING ON?
NEW STORY.
TEENAGE GIRL KIDNAPPED
BY HER FATHER IN WILMINGTON.
JUST LIKE THAT,
THEY'RE GONE.
JUST LIKE THAT.
[ ENGINE TURNS OVER ]
DID YOU NEED SOMETHING,
BEN?
KEVIN AROUND?
UH, NO.
YOU KNOW
WHEN HE'LL BE BACK?
NO.
SOMETHING WRONG, ELAINE?
I ALWAYS TRY TO SEE
THE BEST IN EVERYONE,
AND YOU ALWAYS APPEAR
TO BE A GOOD MAN, BUT --
BUT THIS --
THIS HAS TO STOP, BEN.
YOU NEED TO STOP.
STOP WHAT EXACTLY?
MY SON WAS KILLED.
OH, SO NOW HE'S YOUR SON.
SEEMS TO ME THAT SCOTT
WAS TOM'S FATHER.
OF COURSE HE WAS.
I KNOW THAT.
DO YOU?
BECAUSE LATELY,
YOU'VE BEEN ACTING
LIKE THE FATHER
OF A MURDERED CHILD.
YOU DIDN'T RAISE HIM,
AND YOU SURE AS HELL
DIDN'T LOVE HIM LIKE SCOTT DID.
IS THAT WHAT YOU THINK?
IS THAT WHAT KEVIN'S
PROBLEM WITH ME IS?
KEVIN HAS HIS OWN ISSUES
WITH YOU.
I'M JUST TELLING YOU
LIKE I SEE IT.
WE'VE KNOWN EACH OTHER
FOR YEARS.
YOU CAN'T POSSIBLY THINK THAT
I HAD ANYTHING TO DO WITH --
I DON'T KNOW WHAT TO THINK, BEN,
EITHER WAY.
I'M FIGHTING FOR MY LIFE,
ELAINE.
AND YOU'RE DESTROYING
EVERYONE ELSE'S IN THE PROCESS,
STIRRING UP THINGS
THAT NEED TO BE LEFT ALONE.
WHEN IS IT ENOUGH, BEN?
I'M NOT DESTROYING PEOPLE.
THEIR SECRETS ARE.
THAT'S NOT MY PROBLEM.
YOUR PROBLEM IS YOU ONLY
THINK ABOUT YOURSELF.
I KNOW IT'S YOU.
AND I KNOW IT WAS YOU.
[ CAR DOOR CLOSES ]
Cornell:
MR. CRAWFORD.
I TOLD YOU
I DON'T WANT A DETAIL.
I'LL RESPECT THAT.
HOWEVER, YOU SHOULD KNOW
THIS WILL ESCALATE.
AND WHILE YOUR FAMILY
DOESN'T SEEM TO BE THE TARGET,
THEY COULD BECOME
COLLATERAL DAMAGE
ANYTIME THEY'RE WITH YOU.
SURELY YOU WANT THEM
TO HAVE SOME PROTECTION.
WELL,
IT CAN'T HURT, CAN IT?
FINE.
YOU WIN.
[ DOOR OPENS ]
NEW DEVELOPMENTS
IN THE KIDNAPPING
OF SARAH THOMPSON
HAVE EMERGED --
[ TV SHUTS OFF ]
I WASN'T WATCHING THAT.
WHY ARE THE COPS OUTSIDE?
I ASKED FOR A DETAIL.
A DETAIL?
WHAT?
LIKE, TO PROTECT US?
YEAH,
KEEP AN EYE ON THINGS.
WHY NOW?
IT'S GONNA BE FINE.
YOU KNOW I'M NOT ABBY,
RIGHT?
OKAY, HON.
MY TRUCK WAS TAMPERED WITH.
AND AFTER THE FLASHLIGHTS
IN THE GARAGE,
WE JUST WANT TO MAKE SURE
NOTHING ELSE HAPPENS.
WHAT COULD HAPPEN?
NOTHING.
I ASKED FOR THEM.
THEY'RE JUST BEING CAREFUL.
[ BOTTLES CLINK ]
YOU DO REALIZE YOU DON'T
LIVE HERE ANYMORE, RIGHT?
I'M VISITING.
[ BOTTLE CAP CLINKS ]
BY THE WAY,
YOUR SECURITY SUCKS.
Natalie:
DAD, WHAT'S REALLY GOING ON?
HONEY --
WORRY NOT, YOUNG ONE.
THE PSYCHO VIGILANTE
IS AFTER YOUR POPS, NOT YOU.
NO ONE ASKED YOU,
AND NO ONE'S AFTER ME.
NO, THANK YOU, DAVE.
IT'S NICE TO BE TREATED
LIKE AN ADULT.
SORRY.
[ TV CHATTER ]
I'LL KEEP MY MOUTH SHUT
FROM NOW ON.
CAN YOU?
[ SIGHS ]
HAVEN'T SEEN
HER BROOMSTICK.
[ BOTTLES CLINK ]
WHERE IS
SHE WHO MUST NOT BE NAMED?
Christy:
WORKING IN MY OFFICE.
HEY, CHRISTY.
YOU LOOK GREAT.
[ CELLPHONE RINGING, VIBRATING ]
[ BEEP ]
[ DOOR CLOSES ]
Dave: ...KNOW IF THE FLASHLIGHT
IS THE MURDER WEAPON.
Ben: I'M NOT STUPID.
I WIPED IT OFF.
[ DOOR CLOSES ]
IT'S CALLED TAMPERING.
THAT'S ME.
FELONY.
GOT TO GET RID OF IT.
HOW?
IF THEY'RE WATCHING ME...
WHAT THE HELL?
...MURDER WEAPON.
I'LL DO IT.
I'LL GET RID OF IT.
IT'S IN A SAFE PLACE.
YOU'RE SURE?
WHO --
WHO SENT THIS TO YOU?
IT SAYS I DID.
OKAY, THAT'S NOT GOOD.
WE GOT TO TELL CORNELL,
MAN.
AND PLAY THAT FOR HER?
How did they record us?
THEY HAD TO
PLANT EQUIPMENT.
[ DOOR OPENS ]
THIS IS CRAZY.
SO CREEPY.
FREAKING OUT HERE, MAN.
[ BREATHING HEAVILY ]
IT'S LIKE
THE GUY'S EVERYWHERE.
CAMERAS, MICROPHONES.
IT'S LIKE "1984."
HERE WE GO.
[ POLICE RADIO CHATTER ]
HMM.
IT'S AN X37 COVERT CAM.
MILITARY GRADE.
OH, MY GOD.
HOW DID YOU KNOW
IT WOULD BE HERE?
SOMEONE'S
BEEN WATCHING ME.
THEY HAD TO
BE DOING IT SOMEHOW.
SO YOU JUST
FIGURED IT OUT?
YES.
ARE THERE OTHERS?
THE ONLY WAY FOR US TO KNOW
IS TO SEARCH YOUR WHOLE HOUSE.
THE DETAIL'S ASSIGNED
TO MY WIFE AND KIDS.
YEAH.
AND YOU'LL KEEP THEM SAFE?
I WILL.
THEN SEARCH AWAY.
I WON'T BE HERE.
[ INDISTINCT TALKING ]
[ POLICE RADIO CHATTER ]
WHERE ARE YOU GOING?
DAVE'S.
WHAT?
YEAH, THEY'LL SEARCH THE HOUSE
AND FIND ANY OTHER CAMERAS
OR ANYTHING THIS GUY'S USING
TO STALK ME.
SO, WHY CAN'T YOU STAY?
YOU GUYS WILL HAVE THE DETAIL.
YOU'LL BE SAFE.
BUT HE'S AFTER YOU.
I'M NOT GONNA LET COPS
FOLLOW ME AROUND.
WHY? WHAT ARE YOU
GONNA BE DOING?
WHY ARE THEY HERE
AGAIN?
[ SIGHS ] SORRY. I TRIED
TO KEEP HER UPSTAIRS.
I'M NOT A BABY.
WHAT'S GOING ON?
HONEY, THE POLICE ARE HERE
TO KEEP US SAFE. THAT'S ALL.
FROM WHO?
LISTEN, MONKEY.
SOMEONE IS MAD AT DAD
AND DOING SOME CRAZY STUFF.
I'M AFRAID
THAT IF HE COMES AFTER ME
AND I'M WITH YOU GUYS,
YOU WOULD GET HURT,
AND THAT CAN'T HAPPEN.
SO, I NEED YOU
TO STAY HERE
WITH YOUR SISTER AND MOTHER,
AND BE STRONG.
WHERE ARE YOU GOING?
I'M GONNA GO STAY
WITH DAVE
UNTIL THE COPS
FIGURE THIS OUT.
I COULD TAKE THEM
TO MICHAEL'S.
NO. MICHAEL LIVES
IN ANOTHER COUNTY.
NO.
DETAIL WON'T EXTEND THERE.
YOU GUYS,
I'M GONNA BE OKAY.
YOU PROMISE?
PROMISE.
YOU CAN'T PROMISE THAT.
[ SIGHS ]
CAN I HAVE A HUG?
IT'S GONNA BE ALL RIGHT.
BE CAREFUL.
[ DOOR OPENS ]
AWESOME.
TOTAL BACHELOR PAD.
SO, WAIT.
IT'S ON McLAREN?
YEAH, IT'S AT THE END
THE BLOCK THERE.
IT'S THE KIND OF
GRAYISH-TONED ONE.
HEY.
LET'S GO.
OKAY.
HEY,
WHERE'S YOUR TRUCK?
OH, IT'S IN THE SHOP.
YOU GUYS GOING
ON A TRIP?
JUST GONNA GO STAY
WITH DAVE.
[ CAR DOOR CLOSES ]
OH.
UH, BEN, I'M SO SORRY.
WHAT?
I MEAN,
IS -- IS IT MY FAULT?
NO.
[ SCOFFS ]
[ CAR DOOR OPENS ]
Dave: YOU READY?
I AM NOW.
[ CAR DOOR CLOSES ]
[ ENGINE TURNS OVER ]
YOU'RE GONNA LOVE IT HERE.
YOU WANT YOUR CHANGE?
CAN I HAVE IT?
YES.
REALLY?
YEAH.
THANK YOU.
[ SIGHS ]
SO, YOU THINK, UH,
CORNELL'S GOING THROUGH
YOUR UNDERPANTS RIGHT NOW?
AS LONG AS MY FAMILY'S SAFE,
I DON'T CARE WHAT SHE'S DOING.
WISH SHE WAS GOING THROUGH
MY UNDERPANTS RIGHT NOW.
YOU KNOW, I, UH,
WAS THINKING,
IF SHE'S GOING THROUGH
ALL YOUR STUFF,
AREN'T YOU WORRIED ABOUT
THE ashlight-flay?
UH,
DON'T WORRY ABOUT IT.
BUT I WAS, UH --
I WAS THINKING ABOUT,
LIKE,
WHAT WOULD I DO, YOU KNOW?
IF I HAD TO GET RID
OF A MURDER WEAPON,
WHERE WOULD I GET RID OF IT,
HYPOTHETICALLY?
YEAH.
[ CLEARS THROAT ]
ANYWAYS, ON THE WAY
TO YOUR ASSHAT BROTHER-IN-LAW'S
FOR HIS ANNUAL, UH, LAME PARTY
THAT HE NEVER INVITES ME TO,
IT'S 20 MILES OF WOODS.
THERE'S NOTHING.
IT'S LIKE NO TRAILS,
UNCHARTED TERRITORY
TO YOU.
AND "48 HOURS" SAYS
THAT IF YOU WANTED TO, YOU KNOW,
HIDE SOMETHING,
NEVER WANT IT FOUND,
THAT'S A REALLY GOOD PLACE
TO DO IT.
I'LL KEEP THAT IN MIND
WHEN I HAVE CHRISTY
AND THE GIRLS IN THE CAR.
JUST SAYING.
HEY, THAT'S MINE.
WORLD'S GREATEST DAD.
YOU LIVE LIKE THIS?
CHICKS DIG IT, MAN.
IT'S BOHEMIAN.
IT'S SAD.
WHY?
CHRISTY FELL FOR IT
WITH YOU.
YEAH.
THAT WAS A LONG TIME AGO.
HER TASTES HAVE CHANGED.
YEAH, SHE'S CHANGED.
[ CUP THUDS ]
[ SIGHS ]
WHAT HAPPENED TO HER?
ONE DAY, IT WAS JUST LIKE
SHE WAS DIFFERENT, YOU KNOW?
I'M NOT SURE WHEN.
MAYBE FOUR, FIVE YEARS AGO.
[ DOOR OPENS ]
I'M PRETTY SURE IT WAS SIX.
[ DOOR CLOSES ]
[ CHRISTY SNIFFLES ]
YOU DID IT, DIDN'T YOU?
I MADE A CHOICE.
I CAN'T EVEN LOOK AT YOU
RIGHT NOW.
YOU WON'T HAVE TO.
I'M TAKING THE GIRLS
TO MICHAEL'S.
[ DOOR OPENS ]
[ EXHALES SHARPLY ]
Dave:
CHRISTY HAD AN ABORTION?
WOW.
BUDDY.
YOU COULD HAVE TOLD ME.
SHE MADE A DECISION.
WHAT'S LEFT TO SAY?
I DON'T KNOW.
COULD'VE BEEN MAD WITH YOU.
I DIDN'T WANT TO BE MAD.
TELLING YOU
WASN'T GONNA HELP.
I JUST NEEDED TO GET OVER IT
ON MY OWN.
AND DID YOU?
DID I WHAT?
GET OVER IT?
[ INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS
IN DISTANCE ]
[ MICHAEL FRANTI & SPEARHEAD'S
"SAY HEY (I LOVE YOU)" PLAYS ]
¶ I LOVE YOU, I LOVE YOU,
I LOVE YOU ¶
¶ I'VE BEEN A LOT OF PLACES
ALL AROUND THE WAY ¶
¶ I'VE SEEN A LOT OF JOY,
AND I'VE SEEN A LOT OF PAIN ¶
[ KEVIN LAUGHS ]
HEY, BEN.
KEV.
TOSS THOSE IN THE COOLER
AND COME HAVE A DOG.
OH, I'M NOT GONNA STAY, KEV.
I'M JUST COMING BY TO SAY HI,
BE NEIGHBORLY.
I SAW CHRISTY
AND THE GIRLS LEAVE.
THEY HAVE OTHER PLANS?
HEY, LOOK, COME ON.
COME HANG OUT A WHILE
AND HAVE A FEW DRINKS
AND FOOD,
SEE THE ROCKETS'
RED GLARE.
[ CHUCKLES ]
[ LAUGHS ]
ALL RIGHT.
¶ IT SEEMS LIKE
EVERYWHERE I GO ¶
HEY, GUYS.
¶ THE MORE I SEE,
THE LESS I KNOW ¶
¶ BUT I KNOW ONE THING ¶
¶ THAT I LOVE YOU ¶
HEY.
HI.
¶ I LOVE YOU, I LOVE YOU ¶
[ CAN OPENS ]
SO, YOUR FIRST 4th OF JULY
ON CHELSEA BAY DRIVE.
YEAH, I DON'T KNOW
IF I CAN HANDLE IT, MAN.
[ LAUGHS ]
NO, IT'S, UH --
ACTUALLY, IT'S KIND OF NICE.
IT'S LIKE
A REAL NEIGHBORHOOD.
WHERE DID YOU LIVE BEFORE?
BASE HOUSING.
YEAH, ARMY WIVES
ARE JUST REALLY NOSY.
EVERYBODY STAYS
IN EACH OTHER'S BUSINESS.
[ FIREWORKS CRACKLING ]
OH, SO NOBODY WARNED YOU
ABOUT THESE PEOPLE.
OH. [ LAUGHS ]
HEY, WHERE'S, UH --
SCOTT.
I THOUGHT HE WAS BACK.
HE MADE THE CALL
TO STAY WITH HIS UNIT
A FEW WEEKS LONGER.
[ CLICKS TONGUE ]
HIS GUYS COME FIRST.
WHERE'S YOUR FAMILY?
THEY WENT TO THE BEACH
FOR THE WEEKEND.
WITHOUT YOU?
I HAVE TO WORK.
AW. NO ONE SHOULD BE ALONE
ON A HOLIDAY.
[ CHUCKLES ]
Dave: THEN THAT'S WHEN
YOU AND JESS...
IT WAS STUPID.
I WAS PISSED OFF.
ANGRY SEX.
MUST HAVE BEEN INTENSE.
AS MUCH AS I LOVE TOM...
I WISH IT NEVER HAPPENED.
[ KNOCK ON DOOR ]
[ CHOPSTICKS CLINK ]
Grab the baseball bat.
[ DOOR OPENS ]
HELLO.
COME ON IN.
[ DOOR CLOSES ]
WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
I WANTED TO MAKE SURE
YOU'RE OKAY.
I'M FINE.
UH, DAVE,
CAN YOU GIVE US --
YEAH, UH, I'LL BE, UH --
I'M GOING TO LEAVE NOW.
I FEEL BAD.
I MEAN, I --
CHRISTY THREW YOU OUT,
AND I'M PARTLY
RESPONSIBLE.
CHRISTY
DIDN'T THROW ME OUT,
AND YOU HAVE NOTHING
TO DO WITH IT.
[ SIGHS ]
WHY ARE YOU HERE?
WE'RE FRIENDS.
AND YOU'VE ALWAYS
BEEN THERE FOR ME, SO I JUST --
I DON'T KNOW.
I THOUGHT THAT --
THOUGHT WE'D HAVE A DRINK,
AND THEN WHAT?
JESS, I KNOW YOU'RE SAD.
I'M -- I'M SAD, TOO.
BUT MY FAMILY'S
FALLING APART.
I GOT SOMEBODY
STALKING ME.
I'M THE MAIN SUSPECT
IN OUR SON'S MURDER,
SO FORGIVE ME IF I CAN'T
DEAL WITH THIS RIGHT NOW,
BUT I JUST CAN'T.
[ DOOR SLAMS ]
[ SIGHS ]
SORRY, MAN.
DON'T APOLOGIZE TO ME, MAN.
SHE'S GOT NO ONE.
JESS!
[ CAR DOOR OPENS, CLOSES,
ENGINE TURNS OVER ]
[ TIRES SQUEAL ]
[ GUN COCKS ]
Kevin: STOP.
MOVE. TO THE CAR.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
[ CAR ALARM BEEPS ]
GET IN.
GET...IN.
[ TRUNK LID CLOSES ]
[ INSECTS CHIRPING ]
¶ DO I REALLY WANT TO KNOW ¶
¶ WHAT IT'S LIKE TO BE ¶
[ Muffled ] ¶ ALL ALONE
AT THE TOP OF THE FOOD CHAIN? ¶
[ Loudly ]
¶ LIVING UP TO STANDARDS ¶
¶ IN FRONT OF CAMERAS ¶
[ Muffled ] ¶ A THOUSAND EYES
STARING AT YOU ¶
¶ HOPING YOU FALL ¶
[ Loudly ]
¶ I WAS MADE FOR THIS ¶
¶ I HEARD THE SOUND OF GLORY
CALLING ¶
¶ AND I COULDN'T RESIST ¶
¶ FROM WHAT I'VE LEARNED ¶
[ MUFFLED MUSIC CONTINUES ]
[ PEN SCRIBBLING ]
[ BALL THUDDING ]
[ Loudly ]
¶ BETTER SAVE YOURSELF ¶
¶ WHEN DID IT START? ¶
¶ LET ME BEGIN ¶
¶ CHAPTER ONE,
PAGE ONE, ARE YOU -- ¶
[ HEADPHONES CLATTER ]
[ SCREAMING ]
KEVIN, STOP!
[ GRUNTS ]
OH! OH!
KEVIN, PLEASE STOP!
[ GASPING ]
YOU GOT IT ALL WRONG!
[ PANTING ]
PLEASE LISTEN!
I DIDN'T -- [ GRUNTING ]
[ GASPING ]
[ PANTING ]
KEVIN.
YOU THINK I KILLED [GASPS] TOM.
IT'S JUST NOT TRUE.
COLD. AMAZING.
IT'S BLISTERING
DURING THE DAY,
BUT THE TEMPERATURE
REALLY COMES DOWN AT NIGHT,
ESPECIALLY
ALL THE WAY OUT HERE.
[ BREATHING SHAKILY ]
[ GRUNTS ]
LET'S GET
THOSE WET CLOTHES OFF.
[ FABRIC TEARING ]
YOU KNOW I SERVED
IN THE FIRST GULF WAR.
YOU KNOW I WORKED
FOR THE STATE DEPARTMENT
AND WAS GONE
FOR LONG PERIODS OF TIME.
EVER WONDER
WHAT I WAS DOING?
I'VE BEEN IN PLACES
LIKE THIS
WITH PEOPLE LIKE YOU
[SIGHS] HUNDREDS OF TIME.
I'M NOT TRYING TO BOAST.
I JUST WANT TO ALLAY
ANY CONCERNS YOU MAY HAVE
THAT I DON'T KNOW
WHAT I'M DOING.
I JUST NEED TO START
BY ASKING YOU A FEW QUESTIONS.
WHEN'S THE LAST TIME
YOU SLEPT?
WHAT?
SIMPLE QUESTION.
TRY NOT TO LIE.
LAST NIGHT.
FOR HOW LONG?
KEVIN,
YOU'VE BEEN TO MY HOUSE.
YOU KNOW CHRISTY.
YOU KNOW NATALIE.
FORGET THEM.
FORGET YOUR WORLD
AS YOU KNEW IT.
HERE.
NOW.
THIS IS YOUR WORLD.
I ASK...
YOU ANSWER.
YOU LIE...I PUNISH.
I DIDN'T KILL TOM!
I ASK, YOU ANSWER.
OHH!
[ GROANS ]
WHAT DO YOU WANT FROM ME?!
I ASK, YOU ANSWER.
DO YOU UNDERSTAND?
[ INHALES SHAKILY ]
YES.
I UNDERSTAND.
THEN WE CAN BEGIN.
I'LL START WITH QUESTIONS
TO WHICH I KNOW THE ANSWER.
THIS WILL GET YOU IN THE HABIT
OF BEING TRUTHFUL.
[ EXHALES SHARPLY ]
RIVER WATER.
IF YOU DIE DURING QUESTIONING,
I SIMPLY DUMP YOU
OFF THE BRIDGE.
WHAT'S THE TOWEL FOR?
THE WATER IN YOUR LUNGS
WOULD BE CONSISTENT
WITH ACCIDENTAL DROWNING.
OR, GIVEN THE CIRCUMSTANCES,
THE COPS THINK SUICIDE.
CASE CLOSED.
KEVIN, YOU DON'T WANT
TO DO THIS.
WHEN DID I STOP LIKING YOU?
I DON'T KNOW.
"I DON'T KNOW" IS NOT
AN ACCEPTABLE ANSWER.
I FORGOT TO TELL YOU.
MY MISTAKE.
SORRY.
[ MUFFLED SCREAMS,
COUGHING ]
WHEN DID I STOP LIKING YOU?
[ GASPING ]
FIVE OR SIX YEARS AGO.
THIS ISN'T MULTIPLE CHOICE.
WHICH IS IT? FIVE OR SIX.
WHY DOES IT MATTER?
WHAT MONTH?
I DON'T KNOW!
[ SHOUTS ]
UH, SEPTEMBER.
I WAS OUT OF TOWN
ALL OF AUGUST.
WHAT HAPPENED SIX YEARS AGO
IN JULY?
THE 4th.
INDEPENDENCE DAY.
[ MUSIC PLAYING ON STEREO ]
I'M STARVING RIGHT NOW.
[ CHUCKLES ]
I'M ACTUALLY REALLY HUNGRY.
Ben: WELL, KEVIN DOES
THIS 12-HOUR STEAK.
MM-HMM?
[ CHUCKLES ] IS THAT
WHAT'S GOING ON RIGHT NOW?
YEAH.
HEY, KEV, HOW'S IT GOING
WITH THOSE STEAKS?
I THINK, UH, JESS MIGHT TURN
ON US IF SHE DOESN'T EAT SOON.
[ CHUCKLES ]
Kevin:
UH, ALMOST READY.
I JUST WISH I HAD
A LITTLE MORE CHARCOAL.
I HAVE SOME.
I'LL GO GET IT.
OKAY, GREAT.
GREAT. GREAT.
[ ELECTRICITY CRACKLES,
MUSIC STOPS ]
Elaine: OH, I THINK --
I THINK THIS, UM,
EXTENSION CORD IS FRIED.
BEN?
OH, DO YOU WANT ME TO SEE
IF HE HAS ANOTHER?
YES, PLEASE.
YEAH.
STILL CAN'T SEE
WHAT'S RIGHT IN FRONT OF YOU.
WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
THE SAME SELFISH, SELF-CENTERED
WAY YOU SEE EVERYTHING.
IT'S ALL ABOUT BEN.
E-ELAINE, SWEETHEART,
COVER THE GRILL FOR ME.
BEN'S TAKING TOO LONG,
AND MY COALS ARE DYING.
OKAY, NO PROBLEM.
UH, LISTEN,
DON'T TOUCH ANYTHING.
JUST WATCH IT.
[ CHUCKLES ]
BEN?
Kevin:
YOU SCREWED A SOLDIER'S WIFE
WHILE HE WAS OFF PROTECTING
THE FREEDOM YOU TAKE FOR GRANTED
EVERY SECOND OF YOUR LIFE.
YOU KNEW THE WHOLE TIME?
YES.
I'VE BEEN ON TO YOU
FOR A WHILE.
I WATCHED AND LISTENED.
YEAH,
I FOUND YOUR CAMERA.
GOOD FOR YOU.
TOO BAD I CLONED YOUR CELL --
SENT A FEW TEXTS,
TURNED ON THE MICROPHONE
WHENEVER I FELT LIKE IT,
MADE DIGITAL FILES.
WHY DIDN'T YOU JUST GIVE THEM
TO CORNELL?
CORNELL ALREADY THINKS
YOU'RE A KILLER.
WHY PUT MYSELF
IN THE HOT SEAT?
I DIDN'T DO IT.
YES.
YOU DID.
I KNOW WHO YOU ARE,
AND I KNOW YOU KILLED TOM.
AND THAT'S HOW I KNOW
YOU'RE GONNA CONFESS
BEFORE I'M THROUGH.
[ PANTING ]
[ COUGHING ]
YOU OKAY?
[ SNIFFS ]
IT WAS A MISTAKE!
WE CAN TAKE A BREAK
IF YOU NEED IT.
YOU'RE COLD.
[ BREATHING SHAKILY ]
BETTER?
SO, TELL ME.
HOW MANY TIMES DID YOU SCREW
THE SOLDIER'S WIFE?
JUST ONCE.
OHH! [ GRUNTS ]
JUST ONCE?
I-I SW-- I SWEAR!
IT'S THE TRUTH!
AND YOU THINK IT'S OKAY
BECAUSE IT HAPPENED JUST ONCE?
IT'S NOT.
ALL RIGHT. THIS IS IT.
ROOKIE TOM MURPHY LINES UP
FOR THE GAME-WINNING
EXTRA POINT.
THIS ONE'S GOING IN.
I CAN FEEL IT.
IT ALL COMES DOWN
TO THIS.
HERE WE GO.
READY?
SET. HUT!
Tom: YES!
WINNER!
YEAH!
GIVE ME FIVE.
YES!
[ Chuckling ] GOOD JOB.
YOU WON!
YOU WON THE GAME!
Kevin: YOU SCREWED
A SOLDIER'S WIFE JUST ONCE,
AND AFTER YOU DID,
HOW MUCH QUICKER
DID JESS CALL ON YOU
TO SPEND TIME WITH TOM
WHEN SHE SHOULD HAVE BEEN
REACHING OUT TO SCOTT?
TOM WAS AT MY HOUSE
ALL THE TIME.
WHAT SHOULD I HAVE DONE?
SHOULD I JUST HAVE
IGNORED HIM?
AND WHY NOT?
YOU WERE
JUST ACROSS THE STREET
WHILE HER HUSBAND WAS OFF
PROTECTING HIS COUNTRY,
PROTECTING YOU.
I DON'T BLAME HER.
ELAINE WAS ALONE,
SCARED, VULNERABLE.
[ EXHALES SHARPLY ]
YOU TOOK ADVANTAGE
OF THAT.
ELAINE?
WHAT?
YOU JUST SAID ELAINE.
NO.
YES, YOU DID.
YOU SAID
YOU DON'T BLAME ELAINE.
FOR WHAT?
WHAT DID SHE DO, KEVIN?
DID IT HAPPEN
WHILE YOU WERE IN KUWAIT?
DID SHE SCREW
SOMEBODY ELSE?
I ASK!
OHH!
YOU ANSWER!
[ GRUNTS ]
[ BREATHING HEAVILY ]
[ INSECTS CHIRPING ]
HEAR THAT?
HEAR WHAT?
THE PEOPLE.
I DON'T HEAR ANYTHING.
YOU DON'T HEAR
THE HIGHWAY?
NO.
OH. I KNOW WHY.
BECAUSE THERE'S NO ONE
AND NOTHING
FOR 15 MILES
IN EVERY DIRECTION.
STOP.
DID YOU KILL TOM MURPHY?
NO.
THEN DIG.
IS THIS HOW YOU DID
ALL YOUR INTERROGATIONS?
YES.
[ SHOVEL CLATTERS ]
ONLY THEY GOT TO USE
THE SHOVEL.
DIG.
YOU CAN STOP WHEN YOU'RE READY
TO TELL THE TRUTH
ABOUT TOM'S MURDER.
[ GRUNTS ]
AH.
DIG!
[ COUGHS ]
HUNDREDS OF INTERROGATIONS?
SHUT UP.
THAT'S A LOT.
IF YOU'RE READY TO CONFESS,
OKAY.
OTHERWISE...
DIG.
[ SIGHS ]
OF THE HUNDREDS,
HOW MANY DID YOU TORTURE
'CAUSE THEY REMINDED YOU OF
THE OTHER GUY YOUR WIFE SCREWED?
[ GRUNTS ]
[ BEEPING ]
[ CELLPHONE BEEPING ]
[ GUNSHOT ]
[ Ringing ]
DISPATCHER:
911. What is the nature
of your emergency?
THIS IS BEN CRAWFORD!
I NEED DETECTIVE CORNELL!
Kevin: NOT MUCH OF A SIGNAL
OUT HERE, BEN.
I NEED CORNELL!
Calm down.
Please be clear and state
the nature of your emergency.
BEN CRAWFORD.
I NEED --
GIVE ME THE PHONE.
Sir, what is the nature
of your emergency?
Sir? Hello?
Are you there?
Sir?
MOVE.
[ SHOVEL SCRAPING ]
THAT'S DEEP ENOUGH.
YOU READY TO CONFESS?
I DIDN'T
KILL TOM.
LIE DOWN.
NO.
[ SHOVEL CLATTERS ]
SAY AGAIN?
I PUT THIS IN YOUR MOUTH,
PULL THE TRIGGER,
THE EXPANDING GASES
FROM THE BARREL
EXPLODE YOUR HEAD
LIKE AN OVERRIPE MELON.
DO YOU KNOW
HOW INSANE YOU ARE?
YOU'RE THE BAD GUY,
NOT ME.
IF I KILLED TOM,
YOU'RE RIGHT.
BUT WHAT IF YOU'RE WRONG,
KEVIN?
IF I DIDN'T DO IT,
WHAT'S THAT MAKE YOU?
LAST CHANCE.
ADMIT WHAT YOU DID.
TELL THE TRUTH.
YOU DON'T CARE
ABOUT THE TRUTH.
I CARE DEEPLY ABOUT IT.
THAT LITTLE BOY HAD
HIS WHOLE LIFE AHEAD OF HIM,
AND YOU KILLED HIM SO YOU COULD
PRETEND IT NEVER HAPPENED.
NOW ADMIT IT!
I'D RATHER YOU SHOOT ME
THAN LIE
AND SAY I KILLED MY SON.
Cornell:
PUT THE GUN DOWN!
I'M ON YOUR SIDE.
PUT THE GUN DOWN NOW.
[ GUN CLACKS ]
HERE HE IS.
[ HANDCUFFS CLICK ]
THERE'S NO JUSTICE.
YES, THERE IS,
MR. WILLIAMS.
YOU JUST WON'T FIND IT
OUT HERE.
LET'S GO.
[ POLICE RADIO CHATTER ]
HOW DID YOU KNOW
I WAS MISSING?
DAVE.
WE TRACKED KEVIN'S
CELLPHONE SIGNAL
AND NARROWED DOWN
THE LOCATION.
YOU KNEW IT WAS KEVIN
THE WHOLE TIME.
[ ENGINE TURNS OVER ]
WHAT ONE KNOWS
AND WHAT ONE CAN PROVE
ARE TWO
VERY DIFFERENT THINGS.
YOU COULD HAVE
PREVENTED THIS.
HOW'S THAT?
I OFFERED YOU PROTECTION.
YOU REFUSED IT.
I TOLD YOU THE SERIOUSNESS
OF THIS SITUATION,
AND YOU WENT
OFF THE RESERVATION.
BUT YOU KNEW
WHO WAS AFTER ME.
I CAN'T ARREST A CRIMINAL
BEFORE THEY ACT,
BUT I DID GIVE HIM A WARNING,
WHICH YOU WITNESSED.
AND SO NOW WHAT?
KEVIN GETS OFF EASY
'CAUSE...I HAD IT COMING?
I DID MY JOB.
THE MAN'S IN CUSTODY.
NOW IT'S THE D.A.'s
PROBLEM,
AND I CAN GO BACK
TO SOLVING TOM'S MURDER.
THEY'RE GONNA BE TAKING YOU
TO THE HOSPITAL,
AND A DETECTIVE WILL COME BY
AND GET YOUR FORMAL STATEMENT.
[ POLICE RADIO CHATTER ]
Dave: HEY.
[ DOOR CLOSES ]
DADDY! [ CHUCKLES ]
HEY, MONKEY.
Christy: HEY, HEY.
LET'S GO SET
THE TABLE.
HEY, MAN.
HI, DAD.
HI.
WE ORDERED PIZZA
FOR YOU.
YEAH, I BROUGHT YOUR,
UH, STUFF BACK HERE.
THANKS.
ARE YOU OKAY?
I MEAN, SHOULDN'T YOU STILL
BE IN THE HOSPITAL?
DON'T THEY NEED
TO MAKE SURE?
I'M OKAY.
I-I WOULDN'T BE HERE
IF I WASN'T.
DO YOU WANT
TO SIT?
YEAH.
[ Sighing ]
OH, MAN.
[ SIGHS ]
PEPPERONI?
YEAH. SURE, YEAH.
LOOKS GOOD.
DAD,
YOU WANT THAT, TOO?
DAD?
WHAT?
I'M NOT HUNGRY.
SORRY.
[ DOOR OPENS ]
[ INSECTS CHIRPING ]
[ DOOR CLOSES ]
HEY.
YOU OKAY, BUDDY?
YEAH.
BECAUSE IT WOULD BE TOTALLY FINE
IF YOU WEREN'T.
SERIOUSLY.
CAN'T TALK ABOUT IT.
UM...
I'M HERE FOR YOU
IF YOU NEED ME.
I'M ASHAMED.
YOU'RE ASHAMED?
WHAT -- Y-YOU HAVE NOTHING
TO BE ASHAMED ABOUT.
YES, I DO.
TOM WAS KILLED.
AND I TURNED MYSELF
INTO THE VICTIM.
[ CLICKING ]
[ KEYBOARD CLACKS ]
ARE YOU COMING TO BED?
YEAH.
I'LL BE THERE IN A MINUTE.
[ KNOCK ON DOOR ]
[ GRUNTS ]
BEN! BEN!
WAIT! STOP!
I DIDN'T PRINT IT!
I HAD TO GET
YOUR ATTENTION!
I'M NOT -- OHH!
[ SNIFFS ]
I'M --
I AM AFTER CORNELL.
[ BREATHING HEAVILY ]
AND I NEED YOUR HELP.